What a crazy tone
Did you ask me if you were so crazy?
Who is who do you say I am
You are the emperor of honor
You are not blind
Recognize my mask
Legend has it that you applaud with your left hand
Right palm dead
There are thousands of terminal diseases in the world
I also killed the strongest person at that time
Who dares to impersonate you?
So since you know my name
Why don't you kneel and beg for mercy?
Do you want me to personally kill you and make your life worse than death?
Hahaha Yihua
You forget what I just said is just your legend
Now in this world
Things have changed.
Now I see 10,000 catties of cultivation
How can you refuse to be afraid
Then try it. OK.
Since you are so ignorant
It just so happens that I killed you today
Famous for your failures
Good, then you try it.
Kill him for me
Lord Long dares to fight me
Get up!
You actually summoned the dragon to the divine realm
God Realm
That's just the realm where I practice my hands
You are not qualified to know the true great realm
Scare me, then I will try in front of you
How dare you extend your black hand to the people of the Dragon Kingdom